Added FAQ for GitopS RBAC permission (#6859)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/gitops-faqs.md

No, Microsoft Teams does not support GitOps.

> ### What RBAC policies or permissions are required to use Harness Gitops?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which RBAC policies or permissions are required to use Harness GitOps?
```

> The minimum RBAC requirements depend on the applications and destination cluster setup. Thus, it is not straight forward to determine minimum requirements for RBAC/permissions. For this reason, the ArgoCD application controller by default has wide RBAC permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum RBAC requirements depend on the applications and destination cluster setup. Thus, it is not straightforward to determine the minimum requirements for RBAC/permissions. For this reason, the ArgoCD application controller by default has wide RBAC permissions.
```
